When your assignment is complete, please answer the questions in this text file and upload it to I-Learn.


1. Please provide a link to your classifier in your public GitHub repo.
 https://github.com/danielmartincraig/cs450/blob/master/src/prove04.py

2. Briefly describe your overall approach to the task and highlight the most difficult part of this assignment.
 I first wrote the mathematical functions calculate_entropy and
 calculate_information_gain, and then I wrote the recursion logic of the
 algorithm. It feels so good to be done. The hardest part was making sure all
 the recursion worked perfectly.

3. Describe the dataset that you used.
 I used the UCI car classification dataset. It classifies the standing of cars
 with regards to their desirability as a function of their attributes.

4. Describe your results on this dataset. (e.g., What was the size of the tree? How did your implementation compare to existing implementations? How did your decision tree compare to your kNN classifier)
 My implementation got about an ~82 percent average accuracy on the dataset, and
 the sklearn did a little better than mine with an average of approx 90 percent
 accuracy. My KNN classifier actually seemed to match the %82 accuracy figure
 almost exactly.

5. If applicable, please describe anything you did to go above and beyond and the results you saw.
  I went above and beyond by writing a method that draws the decision trees
  generated by the algorithm. In most cases the image is too large to be useful.

6. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
A - Some attempt was made
B - Developing, but significantly deficient
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
D - Meets requirements
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

7. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
  -E- I put a lot of effort into writing great code, with a tree drawing
  function, and I did it by Wednesday which I am very proud of.

